Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room is a mobile software company wanting expansion through the development of a web-based gaming application. They want multi-player ability with multiple teams that can collaborate with one another, but only permitting one instance of the game to take place in the memory at a time.  Team and player names will also be unique. 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I would say, I got the information about the client and what they wanted written very clearly and efficiently. I feel that someone who does not work in the tech industry could understand the purpose of my document and what type of client I am servicing. 
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
The process helped me develop a better understanding of what the client wanted the outcome to look like. Oftentimes we write code and do not envision what the final product of the program will look like until way later, I feel this process helped me envision that final product early on, which helped me gear the code in the right direction. 
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would pick the recommendations portion. It has been a while since I have done research of my own on software and operating platforms, and there are many new companies out there that have developed new, amazing products. I feel I could provide better recommendations once I take the time to research, to find better options suited for the clients needs. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I implemented them by suggesting writing in specific coding languages and using specific software that would best suit the clients needs since they are looking to expand to mobile phones, which needs consideration regarding languages being compatible with mobile platforms and the type of storage needed for this expansion. This is why it is important to consider users needs, to best develop something meeting their expectations. 
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I took a very cautious approach since, to be honest, I am not very good at it. I need to study a lot more and take the time to learn and process what I do in class. Since I work full time, support my husband, and attend school its just been a "get it out of the way" thing for me. I cannot wait until I have time to enjoy the work I do. In the future I would research a ton about different languages and platforms I can use to best tackle a project like this. I would use a 20 minute-10minute startegy, which is working 20 minutes straight and then taking a 10 minute breather. I think this might be more beneficial for tackling any project. 
